Add button documentation for Volvo integration (#41105)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/volvo.markdown

- **Window rear left**: Detects if the rear left window is open or closed
- **Window rear right**: Detects if the rear right window is open or closed

#### Buttons

- **Start climatization**: Starts the climate control system to pre-condition the vehicle's interior temperature
- **Stop climatization**: Stops the climate control system
- **Flash**: Activates the vehicle's lights to flash briefly
- **Honk**: Activates the vehicle's horn for a short duration

> - **Flash & honk**: Combines flashing lights and horn activation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Start climatization**: Starts the climate control system to pre-condition the vehicle's interior temperature.
- **Stop climatization**: Stops the climate control system.
- **Flash**: Activates the vehicle's lights to flash briefly.
- **Honk**: Activates the vehicle's horn for a short duration.
- **Flash & honk**: Combines flashing lights and horn activation.
```

Author: I see you've added periods, although none of the (other) lists end with a period. Should we not make it consistent?

Reviewer: > I see you've added periods, although none of the (other) lists end with a period. Should we not make it consistent?

sure! Please do. The rule is that sentences end with a period. If one list element ends with a period, all of them do.
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/punctuation/periods

Author: In this PR, or in a new one?

Reviewer: good question. I think a new one against current would be the correct way.

{% important %}

> Volvo removed the **Honk** and **Flash** buttons from the official app because they can drain the vehicle's 12V battery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Volvo removed the **Honk** and **Flash** buttons from the official app because they can drain the vehicle's 12&nbsp;V battery.
```
